Fix/slider broken (#178)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-dtm: Changelog.md

## 2.4.3 - Unreleased

### Changed

> -   When using the nRF54L15 DK only valid `Transmit Power` values (-8 dBm to
>     8dBm) will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  nRF54L15 DK: Only valid Transmit Power values (-8 dBm to
    8 dBm) are now displayed.
```

### Fixed

> -   `Transmit Power` slider disallowed setting valid values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Issue where the Transmit Power slider would disallow setting valid values.
```
